Update containerized install guide to incorporate gateway (#1506)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-downloading-containerized-aap.adoc

.Procedure

. Download the latest installer .tar file from link:{PlatformDownloadUrl}[access.redhat.com]. This can be done directly within the {RHEL} host, which saves time.

. If you have downloaded the .tar file and optional manifest .zip file onto your laptop, copy them onto your {RHEL} host.
+
Decide where you want the installation program to reside on the filesystem. Installation related files will be created under this location and require at least 10Gb for the initial installation.
+

> . Unpack the installation program .tar file into your installation directory, and cd into the unpacked directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Unpack the installation program .tar file into your installation directory, and navigate to the unpacked directory. 
```
